docs/index.md, before:

---
title: About
description: Welcome to Biodiversity Genomics Academy 2023
---

## What is BGA23?

Biodiversity Genomics Academy 2023 (BGA23) is a series of **free, open to all, online-only, short, interactive** sessions on how to use the bioinformatics tools and approaches that underpin [Earth Biogenome Project (EBP)](https://earthbiogenome.org).

> Find all our [planned and proposed sessions here](sessions)

BGA23 accompanies the [Biodiversity Genomics conference](https://events.venue-av.com/e/BG23_registration). In previous years of the conference, a common question has been **“How DO you do that?”**. This year, we have asked bioinformatics researchers and teams to present workshop and demonstration sessions focussed on their software and methods.

BGA23 attendees will be able to discuss the installation and operation of bioinformatics toolkits in real time with the developers, take part in introductory exercises and masterclasses, and meet the other scientists who are also using the tools, building a global community of practice in biodiversity genomics.

> [Frequently Asked Questions](faq)

## Key Dates

| Date | Event |
|------|-------|
| 28 July 2023 | BGA23 Registration opens on this site |
| 1-30 September 2023 | BGA23 Workshops / Sessions |
| 2-6 October 2023 | [Biodiversity Genomics 2023](https://events.venue-av.com/e/BG23_registration) conference | 

## How do I sign up?

Be the first to be informed as soon as registrations open for these free and open to all sessions by signing up for our low-volume mailing list. We will use this list ONLY for Biodiversity Genomics Academy information. You can unsubscribe at any time.

[Subscribe](https://tinyletter.com/bgacademy23){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

Connect with us, our session leads and other attendees on our socials:

:fontawesome-brands-twitter: [twitter.com/BGAcademy23](https://twitter.com/BGAcademy23)

:fontawesome-brands-mastodon: [genomic.social/@BGAcademy23](https://genomic.social/@BGAcademy23)<a rel="me" href="https://genomic.social/@BGAcademy23"></a>

Commit message:

open target in new window

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: About
description: Welcome to Biodiversity Genomics Academy 2023
---

## What is BGA23?

Biodiversity Genomics Academy 2023 (BGA23) is a series of **free, open to all, online-only, short, interactive** sessions on how to use the bioinformatics tools and approaches that underpin [Earth Biogenome Project (EBP)](https://earthbiogenome.org){:target="_blank"}.

> Find all our [planned and proposed sessions here](sessions)

BGA23 accompanies the [Biodiversity Genomics conference](https://events.venue-av.com/e/BG23_registration){:target="_blank"}. In previous years of the conference, a common question has been **“How DO you do that?”**. This year, we have asked bioinformatics researchers and teams to present workshop and demonstration sessions focussed on their software and methods.

BGA23 attendees will be able to discuss the installation and operation of bioinformatics toolkits in real time with the developers, take part in introductory exercises and masterclasses, and meet the other scientists who are also using the tools, building a global community of practice in biodiversity genomics.

> [Frequently Asked Questions](faq)

## Key Dates

| Date | Event |
|------|-------|
| 28 July 2023 | BGA23 Registration opens on this site |
| 1-30 September 2023 | BGA23 Workshops / Sessions |
| 2-6 October 2023 | [Biodiversity Genomics 2023](https://events.venue-av.com/e/BG23_registration){:target="_blank"} conference | 

## How do I sign up?

Be the first to be informed as soon as registrations open for these free and open to all sessions by signing up for our low-volume mailing list. We will use this list ONLY for Biodiversity Genomics Academy information. You can unsubscribe at any time.

[Subscribe](https://tinyletter.com/bgacademy23){ :target="_blank" .md-button .md-button--primary }

Connect with us, our session leads and other attendees on our socials:

:fontawesome-brands-twitter: [twitter.com/BGAcademy23](https://twitter.com/BGAcademy23){:target="_blank"}

:fontawesome-brands-mastodon: [genomic.social/@BGAcademy23](https://genomic.social/@BGAcademy23){:target="_blank"}<a rel="me" href="https://genomic.social/@BGAcademy23"></a>
